all right today I thought I'd make a
video of the new snappers I got you know
the most popular video I've made on
YouTube is snapper belt replacement I
have like thirty four thousand people
watch that I have no idea why kind of a
shitty video you know I was just going
by how I changed the belt on it and I
just got so many comments and so many
questions on these stupid things and I
ended up picking up three of them this
is the first one to snap her comment
high back the high back is the blade
system creates a suction and picks up
leaves and stuff like that this one I
actually got off the original owner it
came out of
Methuen mass and it's got the original
to come sail on it bone stock I'm just
doing a little tweak on the carb and
then it's ready to go
bagger system extra blade the whole nine
it will be for sale so if anybody's
looking for one of these this is
probably one of the better ones you can
find out there it's just in such a good
good condition I'd actually sell all
three of them as a package if anybody's
interested in your in the area
I can even deliver them so that's the
first one if you guys have any questions
on these just feel free to ask and I can
make a video while I have them but I am
hoping to sell these off pretty quickly
so that's the first one we'll go check
out the other ones
okay so take the bowl
all right let's see what other ones we
got here these two obviously newer
models this is a snapper hi vac as well
let's see what could I tell you about
this one this one's got the upgraded
deck with the safety clutch on it
plastic guards but it does have a bagger
seems to come to motor on it
same skinny tires and all that good
stuff no electric start on either on any
of these this one over here is just a
regular old snapper comment it's got a
nice body on it the safety deck again
it's got a high I think it's gonna no
get a standard blade on it
not a hive a grey hit the big fat rear
tires instead the skinny ones and I
think it had to come see but it may have
been a Briggs I'm not sure the whole
motors white but the cover is black
it had a little accident
boom sue rod you know so the motors junk
what body's good and be worth it
to repower somebody is looking and do
that it's kind of cool to get these
bigger fatter front tires which I kind
of like the pattern on a little better
put a neat little on this one it was
running but the carburetor needs to need
to rebuild but it's all complete I have
the carb and everything like that this
one is a high vac blade and I'm tough to
show that to you real quick just let you
guys down right here
okay here's the hi vac plate I don't
know how well it's going to pick up on
video but you have your standard flat
blade right here this would be your your
edge right here and then it's got this
like wing tip on it that's what creates
the suction and sucks all the crap up
pretty cool little feature on these
again if anybody is interested in buying
these does a lot I'd be happy to sell
all three of them to you I've had the
first one running it runs pretty good I
haven't had this one running yet but I
might take that other carb put it on
here and just give it a shot to see
confirm the engines good you know it
sets them this one's a little rustier
than the other two right here I actually
cleaned it up the other day you know but
the body is a little surface rusted
solid the surface recipe so maybe out of
these two you could make one or I don't
know I don't know but um anybody has any
questions about them concerns looking
looking to figure out how to adjust
things like the brake tension or deck
height or anything like that just give
me a shout
these actually sub that stands on the
back of them so my other one didn't and
these allow you to flip the whole mower
up on end so you can service the the
friction disk or the bit deck or
anything like that
so yep those are the three new snappers
and any any questions or comments feel
free to leave them so yeah
hey guys thanks for watching the noisy
old bowling
I can't shut it off because I don't have
a it doesn't have a charging system so I
don't like to have to keep pulse
starting it's kind of a pain in the ass
but it's a pretty good a garden tractor
it's not a lawn tractor that's a garden
tractor it's got a locking diff and all
that good stuff
alright guys they can